This is my submission for Assignment 11. I did not have a partner for this assignment. Overall, mostly everything is working. 
There are a few things however, that just refuse to work. I was not able to get the ajax login working correctly, because
the ajax calls just wouldn't work on the text box in the navbar. I just went ahead and used the same login/signup page from
Assignment 10 for the login. 

Also, creating a new post just doesn't work. I had to also use absolute links rather than relative links, because the views
just couldn't find the js files even though they were in the same directory. I know it doesn't make any sense. The same problem occured
with each ajax call. Therefore, those links are also absolute. I checked the network panel in the console to see if it was reading 
the js file after I had changed the links. It was reading them, but it would not continue ahead with the js function. I've tried everything
to no avail. 

The same problem also occurs with printing the comments to the respective div in the post with comments view. It reads the js file, and 
finds the function, but it just doesn't go forward with the function. Therefore, the comments will not print. I still wanted to print
the comments, so I created a comments array for the post model, and printed them accordingly. I know that is the wrong way to do it, but 
I want to make the page more complete. 

I wanted to put different elements into different places, so I put all the views and models in their respective directories. The Post 
controller requires the post listing view, the comment controller(which is for the post with comments) uses the comment view, and the login
controllers are there from Assignment 10. I also wanted to do the add post and add comment in new controllers that were going to handle
adding new things to the database, but as you know it didn't work out.

In much better news, the post listing is working great. I was able to display the individual posts by links in the titles, and if you try
to manually go to the post with comments view without a query string, it will redirect to the homepage. Also, the login and signup works 
perfectly. Also, a text box will display on the homepage, if you want to create a post if you are logged in. The same happens for creating 
a comment in the post comment view. Overall, I am sorry I couldn't get everything working, and I actually look forward to working with a 
group for Assignment 12. Hopefully we'll have better luck than I did with this Assignment. All the code that I used to try to get 
everything to work is in their respective files, and the entry point is Posts.php. 